#  Colaboration: Prof. Francesc Salvat (University of Barcelona)
Collaboration with Professor Francesc Salvat, University of Barcelona, Physics.

Codes:
  1. Python_Code: This code rudimentarily presents the graphs derived from theoretical data (panel program) of Si28 at 45 MeV compared to the experimental data from https://www-nds.iaea.org/exfor/.
  2. Python_Code_MEV: This code is an improvement of the Python_Code. The improvements were: a) The user is prompted to input the directory where the theoretical and experimental values are located, and the code automatically reads all of them. It's important to note that the structure of the theoretical data should be calcDCS_*MEV.dat, and the experimental data should be Si28_*MEV.csv. b) Even if the experimental data has more energy values, the code will only select those that are in the title. In other words, if we have Si28_45MEV.csv, it will only select data with an energy of 45MEV from the file. c) It plots both theoretical and experimental data together.
  3. Python_Code_Elem: This code is an improvement of Python_Code_MEV. The improvements have been: a) Any element is considered, not only Silicon 28; for that reason, in this program the user is asked for the element he wants to study. As a consequence, the file it reads has to be in the form T(element)(isotope)-(energy)MEV.dat and E(element)(isotope)-(energy)MEV.csv. An example would be: TSi28-45MEV.dat and ESi28-45MEV.csv. Note that the "T" comes from theoretical data and the "E" from experimental data. b) The graph of the result is improved.
